Hello world!

At the start of this week, a mutual on the fediverse shared
[a post](https://mastodon.social/@alifeee/112747644964195117) about
[weeknotes](https://indieweb.org/week_note), introducing me to the concept. For
those who don't know, they're pretty much a weekly journal entry reflecting on
what occurred during the past week. Like a monthly recap, but more granular.

I've been wanting to do some journalling/proper notetaking for a while now—it's
one of the main reasons I decided to pick up [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
before the start of the year (which is what I'm writing this in!)—but I've been
finding it difficult to do long(er)-form writing when it's intended just for me,
no wider audience. I'm sure I could get it nailed down by just going at it for
an extended period, but dealing with ADHD makes it hard to find the right
motivation/energy for that. So instead, I'm going to publish these weeknotes—one
every Sunday—to the web, in the hopes that giving myself an "audience" will
magically hack my brain into writing something like this, and that I might be
able to later apply that to other aspects of writing. We'll see.

It also gives me an excuse to post some more here, instead of leaving the site
collecting dust for good periods of time.

## Life

I replaced my shower head this week, after it broke at the start of last week.
Thankfully it broke in a way where it was still _usable_ though not ideal, so I
was able to wait until payday to head out to Bunnings and buy a nice replacement
for it. I got my dad to come over and help install it as I don't have a wrench
for that kind of stuff (although I really should pick up a basic one for these
sorts of rare occasions), and it's working great now!

My mum had her birthday this week! Not a huge milestone or anything, but we went
out to a nice local bistro for a dinner get-together, and it was a nice night.

Unfortunately I wasn't able to get any gardening done this weekend, thanks to
the weather being a jerk and deciding to rain on-and-off for BOTH DAYS. I'm
praying that next weekend will be clear enough for me to get at least some
amount of weeding done, but the forecast for this coming week isn't looking too
good. Let's hope its wrong!

I also found out that tea and coffee can have an affect on the effectiveness of
my ADHD medication when they're had too close together, which explains why I was
feeling pretty crap last week—usually I have breakfast well before taking my
meds due to waking up times, but the last week I was waking up pretty late so it
reduced the time between them. This week I intentionally spaced out breakfast
and taking my medication by about an hour and the results were great!

## Programming

It's been a nice and productive week for me as a result of my ADHD meds actually
working properly again! Very happy with what I was able to accomplish.

At work, I made a list of (hopefully) all the features that are left before we
can launch a beta v2 of one of our core platform parts, and was able to make
some good progress on it. As the week closed in, I got a _little_ caught up in
the details and touched some stuff I really should've ignored for later, but
that happens sometimes.

I picked [Bandsnatch](https://github.com/Ovyerus/bandsnatch) back up for a bit,
adding ratelimit handling during dry runs as Bandcamp must have added them
sometime recently (why no user API? 😢), and also adding support for some cross
compilation shenanigans with its Nix flake, although realistically I don't
really need it too bad since I have a Hetzner box that handles ARM builds for me
in CI, but it might be useful to someone! I've got a bug to investigate from a
few weeks ago that I need to get around to still, perhaps next week.

While scrounging around some package source code out of curiosity, I discovered
that
[Date.UTC exists in JavaScript](https://aus.social/@ovyerus/112768181777842104),
making it super easy to get a god-damn UTC time. I cannot wait for
[Temporals](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal) to finally hit Stage 4
and be actually usable.

And of course, I added weeknotes support to my website (you're here)! As well as
some general cleanup (I found out I had left a placeholder page description in
for the better part of a year, at least) and finally using a new logo that I
commissioned _aaaaaaages_ ago. It feels good to get back into stuff and polish
it up a little.

## Playing

I played an interesting mix of games this week, mostly thanks to the Steam
Summer Sale brainwashing me to get a few games that I don't really need. But I
did actually play what I bought, so that's something!

- [ANNO: Mutationem](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1368030/ANNO_Mutationem/) -
  A nice little cyberpunky RPG with a pixel art style mixed with a 3D world.
  It's a little janky in some places mechanically, and the story progression
  gets a little weird further in, but it's still been a nice experience for me.
  I'm planning to finish it soon.
- [Buckshot Roulette](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2835570/Buckshot_Roulette/) -
  Russian roulette, but with a 12-gauge shotgun loaded with a mixture of live
  and blank rounds in a random order. Sounds simple, but it can actually get
  pretty mechanically interesting as you get into it. Good fun!
- [Poker Night at the Inventory](https://store.steampowered.com/app/31280/Poker_Night_at_the_Inventory/) -
  Sadly delisted from Steam ages ago due to Telltale Games shutting down. I got
  it ages ago before that happened and did enjoy my time with it. Decided to
  pick it back up this week as my dad did recently, aiming to get all the items
  & achievements, and I figured I may as well try do the same. Going to be a
  slow burn on it, a nice chill experience.
- **Metroid Prime 2: Echoes** - This has been a regular for me for about a month
  and half now, playing it on and off, usually when I'm out doing my laundry.
  I've been playing it on my Steam Deck through
  [PrimeHack](https://github.com/Kekun/primehack) and it's been great.
  Unfortunately, right now I'm stuck trying to execute the damn Screw Attack, to
  no avail.

## Listening

I've been listening to a lot of mixes from
[f1rstpers0n](https://www.youtube.com/@f1rstpers0nmixes) this week, trying to
catch up some recent-ish ones that I missed somehow, as well as their back
catalogue. They're really nice vibes and have been great for putting on in the
background while getting work done, highly recommend!

One song that stood out to me is
[Monrroe, ft. Emily Makis - Never Too Old](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZThLev6O7E).
Smooth liquid vibes.

---

And that's it for this week! I'm going to be aiming for these weeknotes to have
a pretty similar structure as I think this worked pretty well for me, but it'll
always just be whatever I feel like.

If you have any questions or comments, feel free to reach out to me on Mastodon
at [@ovyerus@aus.social](https://aus.social/@ovyerus).
