Hello world!

I got some new tech this week! I upgraded my monitors from 144Hz 1080p (AOC
24G2) to 180Hz 1440p (AOC CQ27G2X), which also happens to be my first run in
with using curved monitors. My main reason for switching was wanting to check
out bigger resolutions for the first time (the slightly faster refresh rate just
happened to come along with these), and I saw these at what I considered to be a
pretty good price: $249 AUD each, down from $339 at the time of purchase. So
far, they've been pretty good—games and text look awesome—but there's some
pretty noticeable ghosting in scenarios like fast moving targets or even just
scrolling text in the right circumstances. It's a little annoying, but I don't
think it's a deal breaker for me personally.

I also got a new keyboard alongside the monitors! I've been using the
[ZSA Moonlander](https://www.zsa.io/moonlander) for the past 3 years and been
loving it (I'm hooked on split ergonomic keyboards now), but I've been itching
to try a low-profile keyboard for a while. So I ended up getting
[ZSA's Voyager](https://www.zsa.io/voyager) board; a bit of a similar idea to
the Moonlander but using low profile keyswitches, and a slightly smaller layout.
Getting used to it has been a bit of a challenge, as I'm really used to having
the dedicated modifier buttons like Shift & Control and never really messed much
with layers previously beyond simple stuff like arrow keys, but I'm
experimenting with some different stuff and slowly getting towards a layout I'm
fully comfortable with. I definitely love the feel of the low-profile switches
compared to full sized Cherry style switches, and I'm going to try some
different variants to find one I love.

I've kept up my walks where possible this week, although a few days had rainy
weather so I had to change up my walking times from the early afternoon to
something a little earlier, but I got them done which is the important part!

I finally finished Metroid Prime 2 earlier today, after a few weeks of
procrastinating on it (lol). Again really good like the first game, and I can't
wait to get into Prime 3 to prepare for when 4 launches sometime soon™️.

Usually, I end these off with one song I really enjoyed during the week, however
NERO finally released their new album "Into the Unknown" and I can't pick just
one song from it, so instead I'm going to be recommending the
[whole album](https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_kP7wzcyAdKqWEiHKSJ05M3AqOyLU5YoXw&si=3o6V4xMc8U2Y12df).
It's great to see new stuff from them after so long :).

---

Also this week, I did a slight rework of my logo on the website. I mostly just
redid some of the metrics to square things up & adjust the border radii. Small
stuff to improve it just that bit more.
