---
subtitle: AMD, Walks, & The Wicked Witch of the West
---

Hello world!

It was a very active week for me for a change. I took advantage of the clear
skies to take an afternoon walk every weekday, and while I was busy for most of
Saturday and today, I managed to fit in some small walks where possible! It's
really been awesome for me mentally, and I hope I'm able to keep this up and
turn it into a real habit.

I got a new GPU this week! Since I switched to Linux on my PC a few months ago,
I've been saving up to get a new AMD GPU to replace my RTX 3070, as supposedly
support for AMD graphics is much better than NVIDIA—even though the recent 555
drivers seem to have improved it a lot on Wayland than it used to be. And boy
howdy is that ever correct. There's no slight stuttering when maximising
windows, amid other small changes that add up. I ended up splurging a bit on a
Radeon 7900 XT, because while I was originally saving for the 7800 XT, I saw the
upper model had a $200 discount and figured why not. This thing's fucking huge!

On Saturday I was invited to see
[Wicked](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wicked_(musical)>) in Melbourne with my
parents! I went in without any prior knowledge of what it was about, besides
being a Wizard of Oz prequel of sorts, and came out pleasantly surprised. I
enjoyed it, and we also had a nice dinner before seeing it, so it was a really
good night overall.

I played a few miscellaneous games after getting my GPU to test it, mainly the
[Dead Space remake](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1693980/Dead_Space/) and
[No Man's Sky](https://store.steampowered.com/app/275850/No_Mans_Sky/). It's
real fun being able to crank all the graphics settings to the maximum without
having to worry. I also continued my progress in Metroid Prime 2; I think I'm
almost completed it, just up to a last few tasks. I reckon I'll finish it during
this coming week.

I also got a second-hand pressure cooker from my parents that I need to find the
manual for online. Surely it's somewhere…
