Hello world!

It was my birthday this week! Turned 23, and had a nice dinner out with my
family. A good, low key time.

I've been messing around with various stuff on my keyboard since switching to
the ZSA Voyager last week. The main change I've done is trying out
[home row mods](https://precondition.github.io/home-row-mods) (moving Ctrl,
Shift, Alt, & Meta from dedicated keys to instead trigger when holding down keys
on the home row); not sure if I'm super happy with it just yet, probably need to
tweak some of my timing values to help with misfires but time will tell of
course! This does mean the introduction of a dedicated gaming layer to prevent
accidentally triggering the modifiers during gameplay, but that's not a problem
(maybe I should take a look at the [Azeron Cyborg](https://store.azeron.eu)
gamepad). I have some alternative switches coming in tomorrow as well, so will
be nice to compare their feel to the linear's I'm currently using.

Baldur's Gate 3 ate up most of my free time this week. I had previously
completed the first act aaages ago close to when it first came out, and then
dropped it due to reasons™️. Some friends convinced me to finally get back in
and it's been a blast. Finished up act 2 and just starting act 3 now, and I'm
still excited to see what it can offer! It's actually ended up eating into my
sleep a little bit just because I lose track of time whilst playing it before
bed. Definitely something I need to watch out for more.

And this week's song is
[Mori Calliope - Go-Getters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HXo0zEnMpU).
YouTube Shorts fed me several clips with the song and now it's stuck in my head!
