---
subtitle: Christmas 2024
---

Hello world!

I hope you all have had a good holiday season, spending it with your loved ones
and having a good time. I spent Christmas day mostly at home as usual, but I had
dinner at my parent's house and it was nice. I got a few plushies from them
which I'm going to need to find a good place for, and I gave them boxes of
chocolates in return which I hope they enjoy thoroughly.

I ordered myself a Quest 3 at the start of the week, as an upgrade from my Quest
2 which I've had for the past few years. It's coming in tomorrow as of writing,
so I'm excited for it and will leave my thoughts on it compared to its
predecessor for the next weeknote. I also bought myself a new CPU & cooler combo
for my PC a few weeks ago - an AMD Ryzen 9 5900XT and the Thermalright Peerless
Assassin 120 SE - but never actually got around to installing it due to good ol'
executive dysfunction. I finally got the brain power to install it just a few
hours before writing this, and so far it's looking like a great change. The PC
is basically dead silent now under normal light loads while hanging around 40°C,
and hitting 60°C while running
[stress-ng](https://github.com/ColinIanKing/stress-ng) on all 32 threads, and
all while still being whisper quiet. I love it. Going to do some better testing
during the week, namely some compilation and software video encoding (VP9) to
truly see how it fares against the Ryzen 5600X and stock cooler that it is
replacing.

This marks the last weeknote for 2024. It's been a good run and I've enjoyed
writing these every week, I think it was definitely a good practice to pick up.
I might experiment with the format a little bit in the first few weeks of 2025,
possibly copying some things I've seen from other blogs, see how they feel
compared to this paragraphic semi-rambling I've been doing this year.

See you round the corner 🫡.
