Hello world!

I spent most of this past week sick sadly, so much of my time was spent inside,
rot-adjacent. Thankfully it's cleared up a lot now, just dealing with remnant
sniffles and an unpleasant cough that I'm hoping will clear up soon™️.

I went on a nice long walk yesterday, taking advantage of the actual sunny
morning/noon before it started pouring in the afternoon and evening. Felt nice
being able to get into the sun for a bit after having to seclude myself. I'm
hoping the weather clears up this week so I can get some more walking done—I'm
in desperate need of it.

Today, I found out that ALL of the code blocks on this website have been broken
since I upgraded the dependencies _back at the end of May_, resulting in all of
them having a random blank line at the end, so everything is a bit longer for no
reason. Seems to be something caused by Astro from what I can see, but I have
yet to create a proper reproduction. Going to do that soon after this.

I did some slight infrastructure reworking this week, moving my NixOS deployment
to use [agenix](https://github.com/ryantm/agenix) for managing secrets, rather
than Colmena's slightly (IMO) janky setup. I also swapped Tailscale accounts
after setting up a personal OIDC thingy. Rest in peace, `axolotl-map.ts.net` 🫡.

I finally got unstuck in Metroid Prime 2, after being unable to execute the
Screw Attack for _weeks_. Apparently the controls on the Steam Deck are a bit
weird, and I need to hold aim (L2) for it to work properly?? I can probably try
debug it in the Primehack configuration, but this isn't too much of a problem. I
just wish I known about it sooner!

And lastly, this week's song is
[Telomic & Beloved in Love feat. Laura Brehm - Gravity Within](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZFSV1tIZmU)

---

Feel free to connect with me on the Fediverse,
[@ovyerus@aus.social](https://aus.social/@ovyerus)!
