Hello world!

I took a proper walk this week, after not having done so for almost two months
(since I move in September)! I'm not sure what exactly motivated me to finally
do it, but I'm glad I did as I felt pretty good afterwards. Hopefully I'm able
to keep it up going forward, and the weather won't be too bad to make me dread
doing so. 🤞

I didn't get around to doing any gardening this week sadly; Saturday was a bit
too hot for my liking (though I really could have gone in the evening once it
was starting to cool a bit), and today rained pretty much all day until the
evening, at which point I was taking a pretty hefty nap as I slept poorly last
night. I'm planning on doing some in the middle of this coming week to make up
for it, now that the days are long enough for me to be able to do stuff after
work with it still being light out.

On the bright side, I did end up baking more cookies using the same recipe from
[last week](./2024-w45), but adjusted the time in the oven and the temperature a
little bit to get them more to my liking. Still not fully perfect but very very
good nonetheless! It also occurs to me that I never actually mentioned which
recipe I used for them, it's this
[chewy chocolate chip cookies recipe from Sally's Baking Recipes](https://sallysbakingaddiction.com/chewy-chocolate-chip-cookies/).
And granted, I haven't actually followed the recipe exactly as I don't have any
brown sugar or cornstarch in my pantry, but they still came out really nice
regardless. Perhaps I'll pick those up in my shopping this week and see if they
turn out any more to my preference once I'm following the recipe properly.

And lastly, it's a bit of a hard choice for me as I listened to a bunch of
Monstercat Silk Showcase because I had gotten behind, but this week's song is
[dwelyr - Something About You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO9ia9NP8dw).
