---
subtitle: Embed images, HTML popovers, and weed whacking
---

Hello world!

This week I did something pretty cool to this website: I've added proper social
media images to all my posts here, so that when posted to somewhere like
Mastodon or Discord, it'll show some information about the post instead of the
plain gradient it had before! And since this website is still a static Astro
project, all the images are generated at build time & can be cached by CDNs
pretty much indefinitely (though I need to actually set that up in Caddy
sometime soon). Whether this actually adds any useful information is an exercise
left to the reader.

While starting a new project to do with a friend a few days ago, I learnt about
the
[`popover` and `popovertarget`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/popover)
attributes in HTML, which basically lets you turn any element into displaying
like a dialog over everything else on the page, and you can even toggle it with
a button with no JavaScript! Unfortunately as of writing you still do need some
JS if you want to position a popover element relative to its trigger (although
with a proper bundler, the [Floating UI](https://floating-ui.com/docs/tutorial)
library can get cut down to ~3.5kB (minified + gzip) in it's most simple
usecase, and up to about 6kB with the features to auto update as the screen
changes and reposition itself to avoid going offscreen), but there is the
[CSS anchor positioning](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-anchor-position-1/) proposal.
Currently it is only available in Chrome based browsers with an experimental
flag, but hopefully it'll get accepted properly sometime soon and we'll finally
be able to have cool zero-JS stuff!

Tech bullshit aside; I was able to do gardening in the middle of the week thanks
to a clear spot in the weather. Got some much needed weeding done as a bunch had
sprung up thanks to all the rain, and some tiny tomatoes have started appearing
on the plants which is great! Hopefully the larger tomatoes turn out better
compared to last time round; I actually bought proper stakes for them so it
should be good! The lettuces are getting nice and big too, might be time to
harvest at least one of them soon!

No featured song this week, but I have been rewatching (_again_)
[Citation Needed](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL96C35uN7xGIo2odDuuPeYtb7BtQ1kBhp)
while doing things, so I'll leave you all with that.
