---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3lzx52qv2nk2y"
---

Hello world!

I didn't get any personal work done this week. Spent most of my free time on aim
training and The Finals again. I've been getting a lot better with that, but
next week I'm going to force myself to take at least a day break so that I can
finally do some much needed work on atex, as it has been a hot minute since I
properly touched it. Might need to set up a sort of personal schedule for having
days dedicated to certain things.

I picked up an ARC A380 GPU for my home server this week, to replace the RTX
3070 that's been in it for a while. The 3070 hasn't really been great for my
needs because I don't dabble much with self-hosted LLMs, and it only has 8GB
VRAM so I was only able to run the super itty bitty models instead of anything
that would have the potential to be useful, and the hardware video encoding
support is pretty lacklustre - it doesn't support AV1 or even VP9 - and also the
power usage compared to something like an ARC GPU is pretty nuts for my usage of
it. Haven't done any stress testing or tried it with Jellyfin just yet, but with
my small tests it's been pretty good so I'm happy with the decision.

And I've been keeping up with using the treadmill. While I haven't been using it
as much as I would like (ideally I'd want to be getting an hour in everyday), I
have been doing some small amount which is better than nothing! I've also been
looking into high-protein and high-fibre meals more: my main breakfast has been
chia-seed puddings with various mix-ins, and I came across a really bright
chickpea salad recipe that I've been trying and it's very good! Hoping to find
some more good recipes so that I don't get bored of doing just these constantly.
