---
subtitle: "Turning 24"
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3lyupl5j3ik2j"
---

Hello world!

I turned 24 this week.

I spent the week up in Melbourne, staying with family, as I'd booked a bunch of
things across it and also wanted to give myself something of a break from my
everyday activities.

My main highlights of the week were going to a small gig at The Old Bar in
Fitzroy - an experimental "talk show" thing by Stupid Fuck the Silly Clown - and
doing some op shopping with a friend. ... The rest of the week was just some
personal appointments - I'm finally getting a start on having electrolysis done
after all this time, so I've been in a pretty good mood.

In between everything I got a lot of work done on atex's OAuth implementation.
It's in a state where I now have a [Plug](https://hexdocs.pm/plug/) that
successfully goes through the flow and authenticates the user, I just need to
hook it up to the XRPC client in some way so that it's actually possible to make
requests as a user!

Since I was away from home I also brought along my Steam Deck and finally picked
Metroid Prime 3 back up after not touching it for aaaaaages. I made really good
progress, I'm assuming I've gotten pretty close to the end of it but not quite
sure. I might try to find time to continue this week and see if I can complete
it.

Vanilla also released
[Time Goes By Pt. II](https://vanillabeats.bandcamp.com/album/time-goes-by-pt-ii)
this week and it's really good! Highly recommend a listen if you're into
lo-fi/chill/jazz sort of stuff.
