---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3lxrsbrybzk25"
---

Hello world!

I had a pretty busy week at work, knuckling down to get a big new feature ready
for release! Didn't _quite_ get there due to rounds of feedback, but it's in a
pretty good state to go early next week, so I'm happy with myself. Sadly due to
being busy I've been a little out of it when it's come to hobby work. Wrapping
my head around OAuth stuff for atex has been pretty hard, but I think I've
_almost_ gotten it by looking at various example implementations, so hopefully
next week I'll have at least a basic implementation of my own.

I finally got myself a new pillow as I've been having trouble with my last one,
getting a lot of neck pain and just generally hard to find a comfortable
position with. It really was a pretty big disappointment as I spent quite a bit
on it, so I held out on getting a new one as I didn't want the same situation to
happen again. However I'm happy to report that the new one has been going really
well for me, so it was a good call after all! If you're interested in the
particular pillow I got, it's the Dosaze Contoured Orthopaedic Pillow. I found
it through a list of recommendations a friend sent me.

I also got myself a new mouse because the scroll wheel on the mouse I've had for
a few years decided to start playing up, constantly scrolling in the wrong
direction when I want to get somewhere. Very very irritating. Granted, I
probably could just open it up and maybe clean something out, but I figured it
was a good time for me to try something other than Logitech for once (especially
because the software stack on Linux is a little janky in my experience). A
friend suggested a few different mice, and out of them I settled on the LAMZU
Maya. It's pretty crazy that the weight difference between this and my previous
mouse (G PRO X Superlight) can be felt - I thought it wouldn't be that
noticeable. It's been feeling great in my few hours of playing The Finals this
past week, and I've picked up a bit of Kovaak's again alongside it to help
fine-tune my settings.

And it's been a while since I put any music here but it's been a really,
_really_ good past week and a bit for music for me. 3 of my favourite artists
all released albums recently and they're all so good! Pendulum finally released
their first album in 15 years -
[Inertia](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_nURcMJrkiWQxAlJdz30frmETXI_HN-fHU) -
and while it is mostly a compilation of the two EPs they released since making a
return, the new songs in the album are incredible and I'm so happy I live in a
world where they're making music again. I even got to see them live a few years
ago and it was an amazing experience, I hope I'm able to do it more in the
future, provided they come back to Australia. Puppet released
[Victory](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_lHLE9sP9XavLUt1EV8kD4VZYqSl2G3Vb0)
with a [great message](https://www.instagram.com/p/DN3RpdaWm9Q/) behind it. And
finally EDEN released
[Dark](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_naEP8tN3XUr2vZNDPJPHKfvH8u_HVNK0w)
which is very very good. Overall I'm a very happy camper and I'll be relistening
to all these for a good long while.
