---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3lnunbcyic22b"
---

Hello world!

Another late one this week, I was up real late last night playing Crusader Kings
3 with my housemates, and busy during the day today. I need to be a little bit
more diligent when it comes to the timing of these posts.

I got sick _again_ over the long weekend. My brother was sick first a few days
earlier, must have caught it from customers at work, and then I was lucky enough
to have it passed onto me 🙃. Slowly recovering but still rather ill.

It was a really short and quiet week at work thanks to the Easter Monday and
Anzac Day (on Friday) public holidays. I think about half of the team just opted
to take the 3 actual working days off and get a reaaaaally long weekend, which I
don't blame them for doing. It was a little jarring coming back to that but I
managed by tackling small QoL issues that we've had hanging around for a while.

I ordered and got an Apple Magic Trackpad too. I've been itching for one for a
while as it would go really well in a desktop setup using the
[Niri](https://github.com/YaLTeR/niri) window manager which I've been interested
in for a while but still haven't gotten around to doing anything with. In the
meantime, I've just been using it on KDE and it's been performing rather well,
think I might go full time with it and replace my mouse usage, outside of gaming
of course.

This week's song is
[Camden Cox - Oblivion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=St8oA4JfJi0).
