---
subtitle: "One Year of Weeknotes!"
description:
  After one year of keeping up writing weeknotes, I do a little bit of a review
  on how it's going. I also talk about a minor improvement to the usability of
  the website.
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3ltw57ri3vc26"
---

Hello world!

## A year in review

It has been 1 year since I picked up writing weeknotes! I've managed to keep up
with doing one every week (even if the timing has been all over the place), only
missing one week on accident which I then added to the following weeknote.

Honestly, when I first started off writing these, I was expecting something a
little deeper than what I turned out to be doing, but I don't think that's
necessarily a bad thing. While I would like to write a little more on my
thoughts of the week at some point, just being able to give myself an
opportunity to properly think about my activities of the week and semi-reflect
has been better than not doing anything. This site would be pretty stale
otherwise, as I very very rarely get into the mindset to do a conventional style
blog post.

So, I'm going to keep going with weeknotes for the foreseeable future! I hope as
I improve other parts of my life (namely sleep quality and properly partitioning
time for things), I'll be able to get these out at a more consistent time
(recently I've been getting these out on Mondays instead of Sundays) and also
even have more exciting and different things to talk about more often. Time will
tell.

---

## This week

For a while I noticed that my I pretty frequently needed to force a cache empty
when wanting to see updates on my website, and I finally discovered the root
cause this week.

This website is (currently) a fully static generated
[Astro](https://astro.build) project, so I use the awesome
[Caddy](https://caddyserver.com) as a simple static file server and it works
perfectly dandy. I also use [Nix](https://nixos.org) to build the website in CI
as it's what I'm used to now, and it's also been working great.

However, I was looking at the network inspector in my browser randomly and
noticed that all the asset requests were getting a `Last-Modified` header with
the Unix epoch. This was because Nix zeroes out the modified tag on files to
ensure reproducibility! Thankfully this was a super simple fix, just needing me
to set `header -Last-Modified` in my Caddyfile.

Investigating this problem brought up a further issue, the files weren't being
served with an `ETag` header, which can help with browser (and CDN) caching.
This is because Caddy explicitly doesn't set the header
[if the modified time is 0 or 1](https://github.com/caddyserver/caddy/pull/5550),
because apparently it's useful in Nix environments _somehow_. So, as a remedy I
created [astro-etag](https://github.com/Ovyerus/astro-etag), a simple Astro
integration which creates sidecar `.etag` files with a computed hash which can
then be read by Caddy's file server with just `etag_file_extensions .etag`.

Overall a fairly simple issue but I got an excuse to build something that might
be helpful to a small group of people somewhere.
