---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3luhpsko5xs2h"
---

Hello world!

I took a little hiatus this week from working on Comet stuff to focus on a
private project for a week, which I had actually started work on a few months
back but shelved for a while due to other things. That's finished now (at least
for the moment while I wait for feedback) so I'm going to be back on Comet next
week, hopefully finally finishing (or getting close to finishing) my work on the
lexicon validation system in [atex](https://github.com/Ovyerus/atex) so I can
start working on Comet proper!

I took the time to look at some self-hosted task management systems for my
homelab. Until now, I've been loosely putting stuff down in my
[Obsidian](https://obsidian.md) vault using the Kanban plugin, but I don't
_actively_ use Obsidian on a daily basis so those often are very out of mind,
and I decided that I need a proper place to track things. (There's also the
problem that I can't get notifications from Obsidian, whereas I can from another
proper service.)

After some searching on the
[awesome-selfhosted](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted)
list, I came across [Vikunja](https://vikunja.io) which looks to be the best
solution that matches what I look for and set it upâ€”pretty easy for me since
there was a NixOS package & module already available. So far with my light usage
it's been working good, and will use it more properly next week as I actually
move all my tasks from Obsidian to Vikunja.

I found myself on
[The Cutting Roof Floor](https://tcrf.net/The_Cutting_Room_Floor) somehow (one
of those internet dives, you know), and managed to get to the page for Zuma
Deluxe which gave me pretty big dose of nostalgia. i ended up buying it and its
sequel, and binging the hell out of it before bed. Lots of fun, do recommend if
you're into old 2000s casual PC games.
