---
subtitle: Firing up the motivation machine
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3m5s7f7fiq22i"
---

I didn't do any work on atex this week, BUT I've been working on building up the
motivation to get back into it. I've been doing some private coding work for a
writing friend of mine who's been wanting to explore some interesting different
ways of writing, instead of the typical big Word document or whatever. This
might end up as something proper eventually, but we're just doing private
experiments at the moment to see what sticks. The current phase of it wrapped up
currently so I'm just waiting to hear back for feedback, so in the meantime I'm
hoping to get back into atex and Comet-related stuff finally.

Several weeks ago, I stopped being able to play The Finals due to a freeze and
crash whenever it would load a match. This was a massive bummer as it's been my
main game for ages until ARC Raiders came out a few weeks ago. This week I
decided to try and dig into it properly and see if I could find a fix, and I
did! I ran Steam in a terminal to see if logs revealed anything, and I noticed a
bunch of lines referring to Steam's built-in game recording feature right when
the freeze occurred. I disabled that to see if it was the cause, and suddenly I
was able to play the game properly! Bit of a shame as I really like how Steam
does recording, so I might try to reproduce it and make a proper report and see
if it can get fixed.

I've also been messing around with my self-hosting setup and trying out
Tailscale's recent [Services](https://tailscale.com/kb/1552/tailscale-services)
feature to access my various apps instead of the current method of a Caddy
reverse proxy & custom domain. So far it's been pretty nice, though I've run
into a few issues with not being able to access them on some machines, but I've
opened an issue for that and hopefully it's able to be fixed. I'm also using
this as an opportunity to change some of my services since there's some I don't
use, or the setup is a little messy and could be re-done.
