---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3m6vmbip7a22x"
---

I dyed my hair this week! I've been thinking about doing it for at least a year,
but finally took the plunge randomly and I'm very happy with the result! I used
Arctic Fox's "Purple AF" dye, and with my light brown hair it came out really
dark which is what I was hoping for.

I picked up some work on atex finally. I still am in a bit of a motivation rut,
so I just cleaned up what I had around my `deflexicon` improvements for structs
and released a new version with that and a few other small changes I had done a
while ago but never put out. My previous plan to continue with atex was to get
some tools for reading & manipulating CAR files and MSTs to eventually use in
Drinkup, but I wasn't feeling up to it at the time so it's been pushed back for
now until I feel like I need to touch it (which I will need to later).

After releasing the new version of atex, I pivoted over to the Comet codebase
for the first time in a few months (since I was focusing on fleshing out atex's
features) and started a refactor to prepare it for some proper work, stripping
out the test Svelte frontend and recreating the Phoenix template anew. I'm doing
this as I've decided I want to try doing a full-stack Elixir app to finally use
Phoenix and everything in-depth, as well as to give
[Hologram](https://hologram.page/) a try because it looks really interesting
(transpiling Elixir code to browser JS is an ambitious goal but I'm excited to
follow its journey).
