---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3mans2bvczs2e"
---

Hello world!

I had a pretty good week! Work's done for the year now so I have the next two
weeks to work on my own things properly. Pretty good timing for me because I
created an [Elixir version](https://tangled.org/comet.sh/statusphere_elixir) of
the Statusphere example project in the AT Protocol documentation, as a test of
atex to see if it's actually usable for creating Comet with. The experiment
turned out well and I was able to create this without much hassle, however it
has revealed some small pain points with atex that I'd like to resolve
(primarily around the usage of the OAuth client) so I'll be taking the time in
the next few weeks to add/fix those before work on Comet begins. Good thing I'll
have lots of free time!

I got a few new things for myself this week, primary being a new Macbook!

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb/app.bsky.feed.post/3ma3d5xscek2j" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreifzfocwog4v5o7lrtz6s4b674nzlx3hhp2zg4etjwjgzb266tktoy" data-bluesky-embed-color-mode="system"><p lang="en">new macbook!!<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb/post/3ma3d5xscek2j?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Ashlynne (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb?ref_src=embed">@ovyerus.com</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb/post/3ma3d5xscek2j?ref_src=embed">16 December 2025 at 15:37</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

I've had a very-base-tier M1 Macbook Air for a few years now (8GB RAM and 256GB
storage) and it's been serving me well, but recently I've been running into
storage limitations with it more and more. This led me to finally caving in and
buying a brand new M5 Macbook Pro (32GB RAM and 1TB storage), with help from a
friend who was willing to lend me their discount (thank you!!) so I was able to
get it for quite a bit less than retail.

Alongside the Macbook I got two sets of perfume samplers from
[d'Annam](https://dannam.co/), after seeing it mentioned somewhere and figuring
I may as well try it out. I picked up the sampler sets for Enchanting Vietnam
and Memories of Japan as those sounded pretty interesting to me. From them, I
found a few I liked a lot, but narrowed it down to two fragrances I'm going to
buy full bottles of in the short-term, as they stood out to me the most from
what I enjoyed. In the future I might pick up a few of the others but not
certain currently; I also might look at getting Majestic China at some point to
see what they have in store there, but I'm very happy with my choices.
