Hello world!

I did a little bit of daily logging this week, trying to keep track of some of
the littler things that occurred. It wasn't super extensive (and logging every
single thing done would be counterproductive IMO), but it's definitely helped me
while writing this; I hope it'll develop into a proper habit.

I took a few walks during the week (which is where I had the logging idea pop up
initially), as a response to realising that I was procrastinating at work or
stuck on a particularly strange problem. Thankfully the weather for the weekdays
was actually welcoming for such an activity, all in the low 20's, and I would
like to keep it up should the weather cooperate in the future, as I found it did
help me when I was stuck in those circumstances.

Did some more gardening as well this week, but not really any weeding. I got
some longer bamboo stakes from Bunnings to help lift some of the tomato vines up
off the ground more, and while I was there I saw a tray of habanero peppers
which were marked for clearance down to $3!!! Figured I may as well buy them at
that price, it'll be interesting to see how they compare to the other cultivar I
got a while back with the tomatoes.

And finally for this week, I ordered some new components for a new home server
build that I'm planning, as the current thing has been randomly restarting
itself for a while now which is concerning. Going to be reusing my old CPU &
case, as well as the current server's power supply, so just waiting on a
motherboard and RAM and then it'll be good to go!

This week's song is
[Sound Quelle x Deagon x MØØNE - Risk It All](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5LHml9dvRo).
And an honourable mention to
[Amtrac - Generator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qopu7cTwplI), the EP of
which was randomly recommended by me earlier today by YouTube Music!
