---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3m3mmufr2xc2p"
---

Hello world!

I went to Melbourne early at the start of the week and had my first
[electrolysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrology) appointment for
removing my facial hair! It was just an initial 1 hour session and went really
well. Only thing is that I need to work on my application of numbing cream so
that it's actually effective. The spot has healed nicely over the week, so I'll
be booking my next session soon!

While I was in the city, I also went to Brennan Lee Mulligan's live DnD event he
was doing in Melbourne on the same day. Titled "Endless Dungeon", it was him as
the GM and 4 other Australian comedians - Jordan Raskopoulos, Tom Cardy, Demi
Lardner and Zac Naoum - as the adventurers. I was there with a friend, who had a
huge yellow wizards robe, and it was an incredible night. The comedians dicked
around a few times which resulted in Brennan needing to intervene and railroad
the story a little bit in some cases, but overall it was very natural and super
funny. If you get the opportunity to see Brennan live I highly recommend you
take it! And any of the other comedians for that matter - I didn't know any of
them except for Tom who I've seen on YouTube previously - I don't know how they
are individually, but as a group they worked really well together.

I was also rather productive on atex, giving `deflexicon` the ability to
generate Elixir structs for records, queries, and procedures. This then allowed
me to extend the XRPC module to make requests based on these structs to provide
developers some validation & a better experience, although the way of making
requests without any structs (just a plain operation name & request options) is
still available for edge cases. Next week I'll be looking at providing some
packages that contain pre-compiled versions of common lexicons so people are
doing less duplicated work.

And finally, this weekend marks [ARC Raiders](https://arcraiders.com/en/)'
"Server Slam" event - basically a 2-day open beta with limited features, for
testing server stability and the early-game progression. I've been incredibly
hyped for this game for a long long time, so being able to finally get a taste
of it before the full release on October 30th is huge for me. I've been binging
the hell out of it alongside a friend who I play THE FINALS (same developers!)
with often - almost 14 hours across the two days - and it has been a blast!
Despite the limited content during this testing event, I am loving every part of
it and it's only served to whet my appetite for the release date. I recorded
videos for most of my sessions and might get the itch to do some light editing
and throw them up on YouTube in the meanwhile.
