Hello world!

My weekend has been very very slow. Slept in a bunch and didn't do a whole lot.
Same as the weather, frankly. I've been in the progress of reshuffling some of
my self-hosted apps around, with the goals of eventually decommissioning the
dedicated server I'm currently renting since my home server is much more
powerful now. I've been a little inspired since
[Xe Iaso's Recent talk on their cool homelab setup](https://xeiaso.net/talks/2025/surreal-joy-homelab/?ref=ovyerus.com),
perhaps I'll do a little write up of my own afterwards; I really should use
[the blog](/posts) more often.

Work is having our dev team try out the LLM-integrated editor Cursor for a
while. In the interest of being unbiased I have been giving it a fair shot,
using it to help author some of my commits of the last week to varying degrees.
The autocomplete on tab has been a little nice but can get in the way
occasionally as it's also my key to complete IntelliSense suggestions, and I
think it's actually been sneakily deleting code that is actually used, somehow.
I've caught it 3 times so far. The chat system is interesting but I haven't
found much use in its results for the problems that I face at work. I'm going to
keep with it for a while longer, see if there's anything redeeming about it
further on.

Also it's _locked_ to using cloud AI shit like OpenAI & Claude, sadly. Would
like to be able to try it out with my local Ollama instance, but I suppose
there's other extensions that would allow me to do so.

I've been a little better at being healthier this week, trying to reduce my
snacking frequency and what it is I'm snacking on, as well as easing into more
frequent exercising. I've found that the VR exercise has been working really
well for me, especially in terms of motivation, so that's going to be my go-to
from now on where possible.

This week's song is
[PRAANA - Zilker Gardens Echo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wm7JQG8VptI)
