Hello world!

I'm doing better this week, thanks to some help from my friends, and taking time
off work for a few days. Here's some things that happened over the course of the
week.

- My housemate's SSD died early in the week so we got a new one for her and she
  wanted to switch to Linux Mint instead of Windows! Had a few initial pains
  with it at first but it seems to be stable for her now!
- I set up [Hoarder](https://hoarder.app) on my home server to see how it
  compares to [Linkwarden](https://linkwarden.app). So far, Linkwarden appears
  to be more oriented towards archival and backups of internet resources,
  whereas Hoarder is more link, note, and image aggregation. Kinda like a
  selfhosted Pinterest. Hoarder also displays images in a better way than
  Linkwarden, so I think I'm going to keep both around and have them for their
  different uses. My main goal for using Hoarder at the current moment is to put
  together some lists for outfit ideas that interest me.
- While I was setting up Hoarder, I figured I would use it as an excuse to fool
  around with [Ollama](https://ollama.com) as it has support for tag inference
  from saved items. It actually works surprisingly well for the task, although
  of course comes with the fuzziness that is inherent with generative machine
  learning.
- My housemates and I started a play through of Borderlands out of the blue a
  few days ago. I've always really enjoyed the series, but never had anyone
  consistent to play it with so never actually completed any of the games except
  for Borderlands 3 a year or so ago. Hoping to get through all the games with
  them, and possibly even a bunch of the end game content and DLCs. We'll see.
- I also did VR exercise a few times this week, getting into the grove of it
  from inactivity. Really having a blast with it so I hope I'm able to keep it
  up properly and start losing some weight.

This week's release is
[Vanilla - Time Goes By Pt. I](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uApM4TvvxNc).
