---
subtitle: "A Break From the Experiments"
---

Hello world!

Taking a break from the experiments for this week to go back to my usual style,
as I've been leaving the format choosing very last minute and that has backfired
on me today and as such I haven't found one that would for this week. Hopefully
I'll fix that up next week!

I got around to installing Windows on my PC again, but this time on a completely
separate drive from everything else to keep it isolated. Why? To finally be able
to play some PCVR again, as I'm frankly tired of waiting for Valve to get Steam
Link VR working on Linux (apparently there's only like one person actively
working on it, so fair enough) and I don't want to tinker with other solutions
so this was the easy way out. As a result I've been playing a bunch of
[H3VR](https://h3vr.com), screwing around with all its guns is much fun. Will
end up going through a bunch of other games in my library (like Blade & Sorcery)
in the coming weeks.

Sadly wasn't able to get around to any gardening this week as it was super hot
and then rainy right after, all week. So I'm going to try and pop around in the
middle of next week to get it done as there's gonna be a lot of weeds that have
popped up again with all this time and rain.

On the other hand, I've finally picked up an old, private project of mine that I
dropped early last year thanks to ✨brain magic✨, but now I've gotten bored
from lack of motivation on other projects so I'm going to pick it up under a new
name and probably start from scratch with some actual darn planning around it as
it's pretty huge. Hopefully I won't drop it this time around and I'll have
something to talk about in a few months!

And lastly, my sleep this week was still crap, but I started work on it
(somewhat) this weekend, forcing myself into bed early, mostly because I
actually realised I was bored with nothing to actually do and was just
procrastinating. Hoping I'll be able to continue this and turn it into a proper
habit 🙏.
