---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3lzgirkump22g"
---

Hello world!

I've been getting really into THE FINALS more this week, alongside a lot of aim
training in Kovaak's. One of my friends also got back into the mood for playing
it, so we've been playing a lot together and trying to get better together,
especially when it comes to game mechanics and exploring how some of the
different systems interact with each other. It's been great to have someone else
to actually bounce things off of and also working together inside game matches,
whereas solo-queuing can be rather frustrating with the lack of team
coordination.

As a result of this, I didn't end up doing any work on atex again this week. I
did try, but just really wasn't in the head space for it exactly. I'm hoping to
be able to get back on it soon, so that I can get the ball rolling again as I do
want to _finally_ get a start with proper Comet stuff.

In other news, I've started getting a little more active recently. About two
weeks ago I ordered a walking pad (basically a low-profile treadmill) and it
arrived mid last week while I was away; I set it up when I got back and gave it
a try this week. Luckily enough, I've been doing a lot of work on deployments at
work, each of which take about 12 minutes before I can check that my small
tweaks did what I wanted, so I decided to pass that time by doing some walking!
So far I've been liking it a lot, preferable to the long walks I used to do as
I'm able to break it up into smaller sections and take breaks as needed. I hope
I'll be able to keep it up and slot it into downtime, just need to develop the
habit of realising when that occurs and to then use it wisely.
