Hello world!

Of course after all I said last week about wishing to make daily logging & more
frequent walks a habit, I did no such things this week. In the case of the lack
of walks I would make some excuse based on the weather, but this past week was
actually rather pleasant, I just found some days a little too warm which in
reality isn't a problem that should have stopped me. In terms of daily logging,
I just feel like I had a rather uneventful week for me to keep note of things,
but perhaps I should look into keeping track of the smaller things, what I had
to eat on a particular day maybe.

Regardless, this week wasn't completely lost to my job. I ordered some new PC
components the other week to build a new home server utilising my old CPU (see
[2024-W52](/weeknotes/2024-w52)), as my existing server has been experiencing
random restarts increasingly frequently, suspecting a hardware fault somewhere.
These new components arrived this week and I spent some time putting it together
and setting it up. This time around it's running raw NixOS instead of Proxmox,
as I found that I didn't really utilise the VM functionality, just ended up
having one that I treated as a main machine. This way, the system will be able
to use its resources more easily, and means I don't have to faff about with
forwarding hardware devices like a GPU. It's taken some time but it's finally in
a spot that I'm happy with at the moment, and is in parity with what I was
running on the old server!

I didn't get around to doing anything non-technical this week, sadly, however I
did have dinner with my parents on Saturday which was a nice little thing.
