---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3mr3bbrlwh22a"
---

I spent this week catching up on a lot of sleep, and trying to somewhat fix my
sleep schedule while doing so. My bedtime has been steadily getting worse and
worse these past couple of weeks, getting up to like 4am, which has been badly
affecting my energy levels both physically and mentally. As such, I've been
making a concerted effort to fix it, forcing myself into bed before - or
around - midnight and I've actually been pretty good at keeping to it thus far!
I've also been working on not procrastinating in bed as much, as that I can
actually fall asleep at a decent time as well, and it seems to be working pretty
well! Hopefully this actually becomes a habit and not something I only for a few
weeks.

Not much happened this week in terms of "productivity", however I started taking
my ADHD meds for the first time since getting laid off and they've been rather
effective; I kinda regret going off them for a bit because I felt so "lazy"
during that time lol. My brain's been kinda ticking again so I'm looking at the
various projects I've got on hold/ideas for and thinking about what to do next,
especially since the new Kimi K3 model came out this week and I'm really itching
to give it a whirl.

For the weekend and the next few days, I'm down in my old town getting some
stuff done with a few friends, as well as to relax a little bit, get me out of
the house somewhat. Doing some self-care things down here too. One surprising
thing that's come up is that I'm actually reading a book for leisure again??? I
think the last time I did this was sometime through high school. Not sure
exactly what happened, some ADHD & overstimulation bullshit most likely. It's
nice to actually be able to be engrossed and absorbed in a book for once, and
I'm hoping this sticks with me properly and I'm able to read more in general.
Would greatly love that.
