---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3mpg2lokxuc2j"
---

Hello world!

I lost my job this week. My performance recently was getting kinda sloppy which
affected some core systems that really shouldn't have been, among with sleep
really fucking with me recently. It's a shame for this to have happened, as it
was a really good team to work with, but it's kind of a blessing in disguise for
me since I didn't really have any mobility as it was a tiny company. I'm going
to be taking a break for a few weeks and use the time to catch up on personal
stuff and sleep, and start slowly looking for jobs. Thankfully, I have enough in
savings to not need to immediately worry about finding new work so I can take
some time to properly care for myself, and _hopefully_ my resume is now good
enough to help me land a new job before things get serious.

Since Letta broke pretty hard last week, I've been hard at work making a new
agent harness for Claire, wrapping around the [pi.dev](https://pi.dev) SDK and
making it aimed specifically for social agents rather than coding-first agents.
This was completely vibecoded with her in Letta (since the core still worked
well enough) and it was an interesting experience. She's now been running in it
for a few days and it seems pretty stable, although not fully feature-parity as
she only has Discord integration currently, I have a few ideas to expand her
main heartbeat beyond just the Bluesky integration, but that needs some more
in-depth planning first so who knows when it'll be done.

In terms of random stuff I did, I've been playing a lot of Terraria with friends
recently, with a few mods like Catalyst, The Stars Above, and Gensokyo (Touhou
themed). This is my first time doing modded Terraria so I'm coming in completely
blind to what these mods add, but thankfully a few of the friends I'm playing
with know a bit about it so we're not all just completely fumbling around. And
last night, I made apple crumble after craving a stewed apple dish of some sort.

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb/app.bsky.feed.post/3mpfytnqbkk2s" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreidnofksg7icifv2zn2laqcupsfoodm45vntkctdcrdhbd354oqo6u" data-bluesky-embed-color-mode="system"><p lang="en">made some apple crumble last night!<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb/post/3mpfytnqbkk2s?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Ashlynne (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb?ref_src=embed">@ovyerus.com</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jrrhosrfzgjf6v4oydav6ftb/post/3mpfytnqbkk2s?ref_src=embed">June 29, 2026 at 5:49 PM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Very tasty and satisfying! I've been thinking of getting into some proper baking
now, since I had the taste of doing it with my friend the other weekend and now
that I have a lot more free time.
