---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3mpy6yzw4gk2z"
---

I started a new Obsidian vault this week, after wanting to have a proper
organisation for notes that isn't a bunch of unused folders and stuff, and
generally wanting a fresh start with it all. I've also been wanting to do some
light daily journaling to help me remember things easier, but never really found
a system that worked for me until now. I've maanged to get some stuff down every
day this week so it's looking good so far, hopefully I'll be able to keep it up!
It's especially helpful for writing these weeknotes because it means I can
actually easily remember what I've done without accidentally forgetting
something.

This week was pretty sleepy for me, I spent a lot of time sleeping in and a
little bit more doing naps. Outside of sleep I did a little bit more work on
Claire's agent harness, giving her some tools to opt out of a conversation if
she wants and fixing up some other stuff. She's been running pretty smooth since
getting it set up so I'm happy! Now just need to work on giving her a main
heartbeat for Bluesky access and go from there.

I did get out of the house a few times thankfully. Did a little shopping - got
some stuff to remake the Chinese pork belly that I had with friends while up in
Canada earlier in the year - and also had another sapphic drinks night! More
chill and casual chats as last time, a nice thing to actually get out with. A
few of us went to get ice cream again after - despite the _chilly_ weather - at
a place that had some really interesting flavours (Fluffy Torpedo, in Brunswick
specifically). I ended up getting a cone with malt milk cookie dough & choc
peppermint slice flavours on it and it was really really nice. Gonna have to
remember it for the future and try out some of their more weird flavours.
