---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3mjgxc7boc22s"
---

I skipped the last weeknote because most of my week was some form of travel.
Monday (Vancouver time), I boarded my plane home and arrived back in Melbourne
Wednesday morning, not being able to sleep for the whole journey again. Thus,
the rest of the day was spent in various forms of rest, with a lot of naps
throughout. Thankfully despite that I was still able to go to bed at night
(something like 3am) to have a reset before work the next day.

For the Easter weekend I travelled to my parents' place for a night, as a friend
was having a sleepover birthday party on the Sunday-Monday. It was nice to be
back in town for a bit, and the party was really fun. It was originally supposed
to be a camping in the backyard type thing, but it ended up being super cold and
there were enough beds there that it just ended up as a normal sleepover, which
was still nice.

With that over, this week was standard back to work for me; relatively chill
compared to the last two weeks. I got back up to speed pretty easily since it
was such a short time away, and nothing major happened thankfully. I've also
been hard at work continuing my progress with atex and it's really coming
together. I think I've got repository import, manipulation, reading, and export
finished now, and I'm currently tying together some loose ends with completing a
bunch of TODOs and other small things I wanted for a while. I think pretty soon
it's gonna basically be feature-complete and ready for me to work on Comet
proper (without me getting constantly sidetracked 🤞).

On Saturday I had an appointment for laser hair removal which was much faster
than I initially expected. I decided to give this a shot to see what kind of
results I get over electrolysis, since although the latter is really the only
permanent hair removal, it takes a long time and can be uncomfortable at times.
Hopefully this'll result in some thinning that'll then mean I can do fewer
sessions of electrolysis to deal with the rest.
