---
comments:
  bsky:
    did: "ovyerus.com"
    postCid: "3mmdzpubhuc2b"
---

Super late because I lost track of time, and next thing you know look at what
day it is! 😅

My Steam Controller arrived this week and I've been playing a bunch of Hades
with it! The controller is really comfortable in my hands and feels well built.
I actually prefer the way the buttons and triggers feel compared to my Xbox
controller I've had for a while, which this is going to replace. The puck being
used for reliable wireless + charging is very nice, no need to unplug anything
when needing to charge it.

This is also my first time playing Hades! I really should've picked it up much
sooner because it is amazing. The character design and voice acting are _great_,
and the gameplay is tight and satisfying. I've played, but not yet completed,
Transistor which is by the same devs and that's been really fun as well so I'm
not surprised! Can't wait to finally complete both of them and then get onto
Hades 2 which I've also heard is a banger of a title.

I had lunch with a friend partway through the week, at a local library cafe. I
gave him an old bag of mine since he broke his current one in a weird way.
Afterwards we took some photos of the area because it was very nice.

Work on Comet has been sidetracked again by a personal project that I think is
pretty interesting. It's more of a thing playing around with open weight LLM
models and seeing what systems I can construct around it. No clue if it'll end
up as anything serious.
